You can't let the master of the family
wandering outside
Mommy, I don't want to leave you.
We don't want daddy
Just Mommy
I'm your mommy
Bad woman, you are not our mommy, you are little
What are you doing?
Moon God Doctor
Don't worry.
If these two children are not the baron's sons
You must send them back
I'll take them with me.
Go with you for a paternity test
It's too late today.
Tomorrow.
See you tomorrow.
Xiaochun still needs your care
You stay here with the two of them tonight
Erbao and Sanbao are still waiting for me at home
I'll send someone to pick him up
No, don't let him see the second treasure
I've sent someone to pick them up on their way.